I got it from the Eighteen Clouds,
Because of Yangxiang and the old story,
You broke it,
Even if I die, you won't touch me.
If you die, you will die. If you want a daughter, let me and my grandfather go free.
Let him talk about the sword again, and the emperor brother will have something to do on his way.
Chen Xue, I won’t let you do it to me a second time,
Dad, what, this snow,
Don't talk nonsense. He disturbs your mind. Go away quickly.
Dad, what did he mean when he said that just now?
I don’t know when I killed him,
You will be born and you will come,
It didn’t work out for him, but back then I,
let him, let him, let him, let him, let him, let him, let him, let him, let him, let him, let him, let him, let him, let him
We just rely on our heads to write it down
Promise a salt marriage for you
I was really wrong to imitate him.
Maybe it's possible
That expression of his
I don't look like a liar
according to its place
You've burned your office as a substitute
I also used hair and a new head to write Sword Spirit
He served as Xu Rusheng
It makes no difference to you
But he was not satisfied
And he returned the office randomly
Clearly he wants it
Maybe it's you
I promised you a hundred years ago
Just some grudges
Could it be that I really killed him?
You used to be a former minister
I don't have time to pay off my leftovers
I'm tired and won't drink
He shouldn't continue to save the industrial grandfather
The fourth division is puzzled
I'll take you back to your room to rest first.
My sixth brother is here
I'm with him
Come up, come up, countermeasures
Mr. Wang
Did you take a break?
We are on our way here
Another room to bake
Grandpa was still suffering from a fever and he asked me
It’s up to you to think of countermeasures and make a good decision
What are you doing?